fre free
paltin protests have continued here in
the Jordanian Capital as thousands of
people continue to come in the streets
they're saying they will not stop
demonstrating until Israel stops what
they call its indiscriminate attacks on
Palestinian people it's killing of
Palestinian children and until the rest
of the world stops what they call
criminal silence there also been a
cancellation of President Biden's trip
to Jordan because uh the Jordanian
government says that they wanted an
agreement on the allowing of a an
agreement on ending hostilities but that
is still continuing and until that stops
there are going to be no more talks